new blog post: Remembering Dan Kohn (#24856)
kubernetes/website: content/en/blog/_posts/2020-11-02-remembering-dan-kohn.md

---
layout: blog
title: "Remembering Dan Kohn"
date: 2020-11-02
slug: remembering-dan-kohn
---

**Author**: The Kubernetes Steering Committee

> Dan Kohn was instrumental in getting Kubernetes and CNCF community to where it is today. He shared our values, motivations, enthusiasm, community spirit and helped the Kubernetes community to become the best that it could be. He loved getting people together to solve problems big and small. He enabled people and has served to launch many a career of folks in the community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dan Kohn was instrumental in getting Kubernetes and CNCF community to where it is today. He shared our values, motivations, enthusiasm, community spirit, and helped the Kubernetes community to become the best that it could be. Dan loved getting people together to solve problems big and small. He enabled people and has served to launch many a career of folks in the community.
```

> Dan Kohn was instrumental in getting Kubernetes and CNCF community to where it is today. He shared our values, motivations, enthusiasm, community spirit and helped the Kubernetes community to become the best that it could be. He loved getting people together to solve problems big and small. He enabled people and has served to launch many a career of folks in the community.

Reviewer 2: I think the last sentence reads awkward.

How about the following:

"He enabled people to grow their individual scope in the community which often helped launch their career in open source software."

> Dan Kohn was instrumental in getting Kubernetes and CNCF community to where it is today. He shared our values, motivations, enthusiasm, community spirit, and helped the Kubernetes community to become the best that it could be. Dan loved getting people together to solve problems big and small. He enabled people to grow their individual scope in the community which often helped launch their career in open source software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dan Kohn was instrumental in getting the Kubernetes and CNCF communities to where they are today. He shared our values, motivations, enthusiasm, community spirit, and helped the Kubernetes community to become the best that it could be. Dan loved getting people together to solve problems big and small. He enabled people to grow their individual scope in the community, which often helped launch their open source software career.
```

> Dan built a coalition around the nascent Kubernetes project and turned that into a cornerstone to build the larger cloud native space. He loved challenges especially ones where the payoff was great like building world wide communities, spreading the love of open source, and helping diverse, underprivileged communities and students to get a head start in Technology.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dan built a coalition around the nascent Kubernetes project and turned that into a cornerstone to build the larger cloud native space. He loved challenges, especially ones where the payoff was great, like building worldwide communities, spreading the love of open source, and helping diverse, underprivileged communities and students to get a head start in technology.
```

> Dan built a coalition around the nascent Kubernetes project and turned that into a cornerstone to build the larger cloud native space. He loved challenges especially ones where the payoff was great like building world wide communities, spreading the love of open source, and helping diverse, underprivileged communities and students to get a head start in Technology.

Reviewer 2: nit to add a comma to improve readability: 

He loved challenges, especially ones where the payoff was great like ...

> Dan built a coalition around the nascent Kubernetes project and turned that into a cornerstone to build the larger cloud native space. He loved challenges, especially ones where the payoff was great like building worldwide communities, spreading the love of open source, and helping diverse, underprivileged communities and students to get a head start in technology.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dan built a coalition around the nascent Kubernetes project and turned that into a cornerstone to build the larger cloud native space. He loved challenges, especially ones where the payoff was great, like building worldwide communities, spreading the love of open source, and helping diverse, underprivileged communities and students to get a head start in technology.
```

> Our heart goes out to his family. Thank you Dan for bringing your boys to events in India and elsewhere. We got to know how great you were as a Dad as well. Dan, your thoughts and ideas will help us make progress in our journey as a community. Thank you for your life's work!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our heart goes out to his family. Thank you, Dan, for bringing your boys to events in India and elsewhere. We got to know how great you were as a parent. Dan, your thoughts and ideas will help us make progress in our journey as a community. Thank you for your life's work!
```
